replacing existing text_encoder with lanceDB integration (#1512)
data-prep-kit/data-prep-kit: transforms/language/text_encoder/README.md

- [Unit test](test/test_text_encoder_lancedb.py)

## Running Text Encoder and Lance Commit via a Tekton Pipeline Example

Please see general [Tekton](../../../tekton/README.md) examples that show a Tekton pipeline consisting of tasks that involve different transforms. A Tekton pipeline, which runs on a cluster in a cloud, can also be defined within the `text_encoder` transform. For example, once you login to a cluster, you can do `kubectl apply -f run-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml` to launch a pipeline that is defined in `pipeline-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml`, which starts with creating a repo, then launching a `text-encoder` ray job, and finally launching a `lance-commit` ray job. Details can be seen in these yaml files: [run-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml](run-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml), [pipeline-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml](pipeline-text-encoder-lance-commit.yaml), [task-repo.yaml](task-repo.yaml), [task-text-encoder.yaml](task-text-encoder.yaml), [task-lance-commit.yaml](task-lance-commit.yaml), [text-encoder-rayjob.yaml](text-encoder-rayjob.yaml), and [lance-commit-rayjob.yaml](lance-commit-rayjob.yaml).

# TextEncoder Ray Transform 

## Summary 

> This project wraps the text_encoder transform with a Ray runtime. It creates embeddings, or taking existing embeddings already created and stored in parquet files, and stores the embeddings together with the other columns into a lancedb table. Alternatively, it can create and store embeddings in parquet files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This project wraps the text_encoder transform with a Ray runtime. It creates embeddings, or takes existing embeddings stored in parquet files, and stores the embeddings together with the other columns into a lancedb table. Alternatively, it can create and store embeddings in parquet files.
```
